docs: add capa+caprke2 tutorial (#140)
rancher/turtles-docs: docs/reference-guides/providers/howto.md

We will use the `internal` one for this guide, however the same steps apply for `external`.

To generate the YAML for the cluster, do the following:

1. Open a terminal and run the following:

```bash
export CLUSTER_NAMESPACE="cluster-namespace"
export CLUSTER_NAME="cluster-name"
export CABPR_CP_REPLICAS=3
export CABPR_WK_REPLICAS=1
export RKE2_VERSION=v1.26.0+rke2r1
export AWS_NODE_MACHINE_TYPE=t3a.large
export AWS_CONTROL_PLANE_MACHINE_TYPE=t3a.large 
export AWS_SSH_KEY_NAME="aws-ssh-key"
export AWS_REGION="aws-region"
export AWS_AMI_ID="ami-id"

clusterctl generate cluster \

> --from https://github.com/rancher/cluster-api-provider-rke2/blob/main/samples/aws/internal/cluster-template.yaml -n example-aws rke2-aws > aws-rke2-clusterctl.yaml

Reviewer: Probably we need to decide on naming of the cluster to be used in examples of provider combinations or change auto import notes to make it clear on cluster name? That is because I noticed the auto import notes at the end of docs always expects the cluster name to be `cluster1`

Author: You are right @furkatgofurov7. This is a mistake coming from a different documentation source, I'll be fixing this.

    </TabItem>
</Tabs>

:::tip
After your cluster is provisioned, you can check functionality of the workload cluster using `clusterctl`:
```bash
clusterctl describe cluster cluster1
```

> Remember that clusters are namespaced resources. These examples provision clusters in the `default` namespace, but you will need to provide yours if using a different one.

Reviewer: how about:
```suggestion
Keep in mind that clusters are namespaced resources. These examples create clusters in the default namespace, but you will need to specify your own namespace if using a different one.
```
